Email
Print
Ping Identity > Internet Identity Security Solutions | Eliminate Passwords
Internet Identity Security SolutionsSay goodbye to passwords
With Ping Identity, you don’t need application passwords — or the problems they create, such as administrative headaches, help desk overload or security risks. Our Internet Identity Security solutions allow users to securely access Web-based business applications without multiple logins.
PingFederate®
PingFederate is an enterprise-class software platform for Internet Identity Security. It’s an ideal choice for:
Organizations with sophisticated IT infrastructures
Service providers with customer-facing applications
Employee or business partner SSO access to SaaS applications
Universal Token Translation and other use cases.
More information
PingConnect™
PingConnect is an on-demand service that delivers Internet SSO and automates user account management for SaaS applications. It’s designed for organizations that:
Need to provide employee SSO access to SaaS applications like Salesforce, Google Apps and SuccessFactors
Have limited IT resources and don't want to deal with hardware procurement, software licensing, installs and upgrades.
More information
What are the business benefits?
Higher user adoption rates: Eliminating the barrier of forgotten passwords and repeated logins improves the likelihood that employees will embrace new applications and use them frequently.  Ping customers report user adoption rate increases of 20 percent and higher.  Rearden Commerce reported an 81 percent user adoption rate only four weeks after turning to Ping Identity for Internet SSO.
Fewer help desk tickets and lower associated costs: Fewer passwords means fewer calls to the help desk for lost or forgotten passwords. ConAgra Foods reduced password reset support calls by 92 percent and lowered user name inquiry calls by 61 percent after implementing PingFederate for Internet SSO.
Lower administrative overhead: Our solutions automatically create, update and delete user accounts as needed, streamlining the tedious task of Internet user account management.  For example,  nonprofit customer Stone Belt Arc was able to eliminate 120 hours of email account administration each year by implementing PingFederate.
Increased productivity: Users work seamlessly across all of their Web-based business applications with no delays or distractions caused by individual application logins or forgotten password resets.
Strengthened security:  Fewer passwords allow fewer hacking opportunities.  Automating user account deactivation ensures employee access to valuable business data is removed for all SaaS applications once they leave the organization.
Increased compliance audit pass rates: Since Ping solutions provide a centralized, auditable point of Internet application access, compliance audit pass rates improve.
Find out how deploying Internet Identity Software can result in 300%+ ROI over three years. Read The Business Value of Internet Identity Security.
How does Ping increase security?
The more Internet applications your employees access on a day-to-day basis, the higher the risk of password theft. With Ping Identity solutions, users only log in once, using their network login or a hosted service like Google Apps. Their identity is passed securely to the other Internet applications they use, with no additional passwords required.  Ping Identity solutions also automate the user account management process for SaaS applications like Salesforce and Google Apps. That means that when users leave your organization, their account access is automatically disabled, preventing unauthorized access.
Will Ping work with my SaaS applications?
Ping Identity solutions work with hundreds of SaaS applications including Salesforce, Google Apps, ADP, Concur, Rearden Commerce, SuccessFactors, WebEx, Workday and others. More than 80 leading SaaS vendors have chosen Ping Identity as their preferred provider for SSO to their subscribers. Ping Identity products work with any SAML-enabled SaaS application.
Are Ping's products easy to install?
Ping Identity's standards-based Internet Identity Security solutions were designed to work with your existing IT infrastructure and a wide variety of Web-based application environments, including custom developed applications, identity management systems, Web servers and portals, and commercial applications.  Our solutions deploy in days, with no need for third-party software, major system integration, extensive coding, or infrastructure upgrades.